What is Miss Xu doing when she comes back from dinner?
You miss me so much?
Mr. Zhao, your reputation as a live streaming host is very important
So please be merciful
Miss Xu, don't be so nervous?
I'm just telling Yan Jing about your professionalism.
Why is it so merciless?
Or say
There is indeed something between you and Yan Jing
Within half an hour
Have someone from the technical department submit a new plan
The old boss is too hasty for half an hour, right?
I don't know the blind one
Offended him
Am I really that bad?
Is this kind of thing?
We need to collect data.
Mr. Zhou
I said something wrong this morning
actually
Actually you are awesome
For the first time.
It really hurts.